# Reflection

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I was never sure where to submit this Reflection assignment during the Bootcamp, and I was happy to set it aside to focus on Project 2. The questions it asks me to address, however, have been in the back of my mind the entire time: what have I learned and accomplished; what are my plans going forward?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I started the program with no experience to speak of. I liked computers, I was always aware of programming but, as a Humanities focused student, I somehow felt it wasn’t for me. Some people were born to write code, some people were born to write English, and I was one of the later. When I considered what I wanted in a career, however, I realized I wanted to be at the front edge of our rapidly changing world. An interest in communication is central to my interest in English, and working with communication means working with the internet. I signed up for Bootcamp, and I could not be happier I did.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I have learned an incredible amount, most importantly just how much I enjoy coding. Finding an elegant solution gives me tremendous satisfaction. Throwing together an inelegant one, doing the best that I can, leaves me smiling and eager to improve. At the beginning of the course, I wasn’t sure what I’d want to do with the skills I acquired. Now, I feel very strongly that I want to pursue development as a career.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That, of course, comes with obstacles. Now that the course has ended, I want to take time to go back through the material and gain a more academic understanding of some of the concepts. I do Object Oriented Programming, for example, I understand it, but I don’t always remember how to communicate the very concepts I’m leveraging. I’d also like to keep learning, increasing my skill with React and picking up new libraries and languages. I look forward to it -- I’m good at learning, and I love it.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Where I struggle is with networking. I have never liked promoting myself. I have always had faith in other’s talents, and I am always reluctant to put myself forward for a task when I believe someone else might be more qualified. To get the kind of job I want, to do something I’ve found I love, I will have to  put myself out into the world in a way I’ve always avoided. My peers from the Bootcamp are something of an inspiration in that regard. I see them working hard to leverage their skills and feel compelled to do the same. I also have Career Services to help me with unfamiliar aspects of the job search. My goals are to keep growing as a developer and find a place I can work on tech that connects people to each other. After thriving in this course, I’m confident I can.
